Hi everyone.
It's Kim Schmidt again.
In the last module, we covered Amazon Athena in detail.
In this module,
I'm going to introduce you to the Amazon S3 Data
Lake log-centric design pattern,
so you can AI and ML your apps and business processes while
simultaneously future-proofing your data.
In this section, I'll introduce you to the Amazon S3 Data Lake design pattern.
On this slide is a bare schematic of an S3 data lake design pattern.
S3 data lakes emphasize using immutable logs and materialized views,
the definitions of which I'll explain in a subsequent slide.
You use interactive and batch predictions on slow-moving data,
and you use real-time predictions on fast-moving data.
If you're building real-time analytic systems that
use real-time or streaming data, the general architecture is like this.
You take your streaming data and put it into Amazon Kinesis data streams.
You can also use Amazon Kinesis Analytics to do streaming ETL,
and then put the results into another Kinesis data stream or
Kinesis Firehose for further downstream processing.
In order to analyze streaming data,
you're going to use either an Amazon Kinesis client library application,
AWS Lambda, or Spark Streaming on Amazon Elastic Map Reduce based on your needs.
If you do real-time predictions using your machine-learning models on the fly,
you're using Amazon AI, and if the models see something wrong,
you can send alerts to notify the appropriate people,
and you can persist the data to S3 with a lambda
function for further processing.
Note the word log here.
On the right in the tall green rectangle are storage services
where you're decoupling processing from storage.
If you have downstream applications presenting
visualizations or other downstream applications,
usually the data will come from a database or Elasticsearch.
Note the words app state or materialized view here.
In some cases,
you might want to fan out your Kinesis streams for other
downstream processing or to send to other consumers.
Similarly, if you're doing batch or interactive analysis,
you put your data into Kinesis Firehose and transport
that data to Amazon Elasticsearch, or an Amazon Redshift data warehouse,
or you can put your data into files,
and then have Amazon Elastic Map Reduce or Amazon
Athena process it and consume it,
or you can run classic Hive or Pig on top of S3 for batch analytics.
Putting this together,
you can have interactive and batch predictions that
include Amazon AI in the pipeline,
and those advanced insights can be incorporated into the
answers you give to your customers.
In the next section,
I'll get more specific into what immutable logs and materialized views mean, as well as putting together batch and real-time or streaming processing.